I have 3 years of experience.
I am currently working in HClTech organization where the organization has a e-commerce application and this
e-commerce application is a multi microservice architecture because there are more than 100 microservices.
There are multiple development teams and each development team is responsible for certain microservices.
 5 microservices.

As a DevOps engineer.
My role is to work closely with two development teams
So my project is basically to work for both of those development teams and implement DevOps or constantly
improve the DevOps practices for those development teams.
And as part of that, I work on CI, CD for that projects.
I work on writing Terraform  Infrastructure as code for them, and also I work on Kubernetes implementation.
Constantly improving the existing scripts.

my project where I work for the development
 
 they have multiple microservices.
I am responsible for DevOps implementation of those microservices and 
 
 
 
========== talking about my day to day activities-==============
 
 
 I work for two development
teams where I closely attend their meetings and I work with them in agile methodology, where these
development teams plan activities during the sprints, or they plan activities for the entire quarter,
and I closely involved with them during that meetings, so that I understand the roadmap of those development
teams for the coming quarter.
And with that, I can also estimate the amount of work that is going to come to me, and I would plan
my activities accordingly.
 
Let me explain some of the tasks that I get from those teams.
For example, 
the team requests me to create some infrastructure because I am the one who developed
and manage infrastructure as code for those development teams.
One of the recent activity that I worked on was to set up EKS cluster within VPC, and I set that up
in the module structure so that going ahead, either other 

DevOps teams or someone who is joining my
team or someone who is going to work along with me, can also use those Terraform modules.
Along with that, 
I get a lot of requests related to Kubernetes deployments.

I have requests to set up GitOps practices for the development teams, or it can be even activities
related to AWS.
And there are some frequent activities like git management where we have multiple get repositories.
So I set up webhooks for that.

I manage the git repositories with respect to branching.
I make sure the branching strategy is up to date.
So these are some of the day to day activities that I work on.
